Rephrasing installation instructions (#44)
osrf/mbari_wec: README.md

# Install
## On Host System
### Requirements

> At the moment, Buoy Sim is supported by source installation only. Use Ubuntu Jammy (22.04).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, MBARI WEC is supported by source installation only. Use Ubuntu Jammy (22.04).
```

1. Install [ROS 2 Humble](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/index.html) (preferably binary installation)

>     Buoy Sim is tested against cyclonedds rmw implementation (default changed from Galactic to Humble)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    MBARI WEC is tested against cyclonedds rmw implementation (default changed from Galactic to Humble)
```
